Terms of Service

1. Entire agreement
These Terms and any operating rules and policies posted on our website or in the App, including the Privacy Notice for the website, the Privacy Notice for the App, constitute the entire legally binding agreement and understanding between Ya Yu ("Ya, "we", "us" or "our") and our users (“you” or “user”), governing your access to and use of our Service(the "App").

By installing the App, you hereby declare and warrant that:

You have read, understand, have the legal capacity to, and hereby agree to be legally bound by and to comply with these Terms in full;
You are 16 years of age or older (otherwise, you can use the App exclusively with the involvement of a parent or a legal guardian);
according to the laws of your local jurisdiction, you are eligible to enter into this agreement and have no restriction to use the App;
You comply with these Terms and all applicable laws and regulations.


2. Use license and subscriptions
Our App is available for free download in desktop or mobile versions compatible with macOS or iOS through Mac App Store, or AppStore.

Free use
By downloading the App, you acquire a free-of-charge license to use the App with a limited set of features as may be provided or canceled by us within your license period.

Account
To use the App, you do not need to register a personalized account (“Account”)

Free trial
Before purchasing a subscription for the App with a full set of features, you can get a free trial period.

If you download the App, you are not required to provide any credit card information during the free trial period. When the free trial expires, you may purchase a one-time, permanent or subscription-based license to continue to use the App. In the latter case, your payment details are processed, and you are charged through the App Store.

Please note that your App Store subscription fee for the use of the App will be automatically charged unless you cancel it in your device settings at least 24 hours before the billing date.

Licenses
To use the App with a full set of features, you must purchase a license.

The purchase of a license is subject to a fee (including VAT) indicated at the checkout screen. We reserves the right to revise the fees at any time, subject to providing users with adequate notice of any fee changes before they become effective.

Your continued use of the license after the effective date of such change will constitute your agreement to pay the updated fees.

Please note, if you pay in local currency that is different from the currency in which the fees are quoted, your bank will apply the exchange rate applicable per the date of purchase and may add commissions/fees, which are beyond our control.

We offers one-time, permanent purchase for the App; and monthly or annual subscription-based licenses also.

In case of an license purchase, We will charge your App Store account for verification, pre-authorization, and payment purposes. You may also bear additional charges that Apple Inc., banks, or other financial service providers may levy on you.

Subscription renewal and cancellation
Your subscription will automatically renew, and you will be charged with a subscription fee for the subsequent subscription period unless you cancel it at least 24 hours before the billing date.

In your iOS device settings (by tapping the following options: iTunes & AppStore ⇒ Apple ID ⇒ Subscriptions ⇒ the App ⇒ Cancel Subscription).

Upon cancellation, your access to the App with a full set of features will remain until the end of the current subscription period.

Scope of license
Subject to your compliance with these Terms, we hereby grants you a limited, temporary, personal, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, revocable, non-transferable, worldwide license to download, install and use the App on the device(s) that you lawfully own or control in the manner provided for in these Terms for personal non-commercial or internal business purposes.

Under this license you may not:
be evil and do bad things with the App;
sell, lease, rent, license, sublicense or otherwise distribute the App;
copy, decompile, disassemble, translate or reverse engineer the App, in whole or in part;
write or develop any derivative software, make an attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the App, and its updates;
provide, disclose, divulge or make available to, or permit the use of the App by any third party without our prior written consent;
avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble or otherwise circumvent any technological measure implemented by the App or any of the App’s providers or any other third party (including another user) to protect the App.
Any attempt to do so will be considered a violation of these Terms and the rights of us. If you violate any of the above restrictions, your use of the App will be reviewed and terminated, and you may be subject to legal actions and be held responsible for damages.

We may provide upgrades, modifications, updates, or additions to the App during the term of this license. The terms of this license shall be applied to any such upgrades, modifications, updates, or additions unless they are a subject to a separate license that would accompany them.

It is understood and agreed that we are the owner of all rights, titles, and interests in and to the original and any copies of the App and related information, improvements, modifications, enhancements, or derivatives thereto and the ownership of all intellectual property rights pertaining thereto, in whole or in part, shall be, vest with, and remain the exclusive property of us.

You, as a licensee, through your downloading, installing, or use of the App, do not acquire any ownership rights to the Service software.

Refunds
In case you have any problems with the App functioning, please contact our support team at pixelharmonytech@gmail.com, and we will use every effort to help you.

Your purchases made through the App Store may be refunded by contacting Apple support directly and requesting a refund. Please follow this instruction:

Go to reportaproblem.apple.com using any web browser to view your purchase history.
Sign in under the Apple ID you used to make the purchase.
Find the item on the Purchases tab. If a charge for an item is pending, you haven’t yet been charged and can’t request a refund. After the charge goes through, try to request a refund again.
Tap or click on Report a Problem to the right of the item.
Choose ‘I’d like to request a refund’ and describe why.
Hit Send.


3. Content and data security
The App and the website are owned and controlled by us or our affiliates.  All materials of the Service, including text, graphics, information, images, designs, drawings, trademarks, logos, videos, sounds, music, software, and other materials (collectively, the “Content”), as well as the copyright and other intellectual property rights to such Content belong to us or is included in the Service with the consent of the owner.

Subject to your compliance with these Terms and having regard to the terms of software license laid down above, we grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, revocable, non-transferable, worldwide license to access and use the Content made available in or through the Service and granted by us for the purposes outlined in these Terms.

You are not allowed to use the Content or any of its elements in any way not expressly provided for in these Terms without the prior written permission of us or owners of the Content.
In case you download or copy the Content, no right, title, or interest in any downloaded or copied Content is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. You are not allowed to reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, otherwise disseminate, modify, create derivative works, or otherwise use the Content for commercial or illegal purposes without our prior written permission. You agree not to change or delete any ownership notices from materials downloaded or printed from the Service.

You are also advised that we are determined to enforce our intellectual property rights to the fullest extent available under the applicable laws, including through civil remedies and criminal prosecution.

User content and security
“User Content” means any files, including pictures, text, videos, sound recordings, and other materials, provided and managed through the App by a user. You own your User Content and information that you submit or access through the App.

Any User Content accessed through the App is stored locally on the user’s devices or connected cloud services (e.g., DropBox, Google Drive, Sharepoint, etc.). We may not in any case access any User Content, does not store it on our servers or otherwise. The communication between your cloud storage provider and the App on your device is also performed directly per your cloud service provider’s security requirements.


4. Warranties and disclaimers
The Service is provided to you “as is.”

We warrants that the Service will perform in substantial accordance with its documentation within the period of your license. We disclaims all other warranties regarding the Service, its features, and content, to the fullest extent permitted by law, including without limitations, guarantees of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of intellectual property rights of third parties or other rights.

We are not making promises of any kind, including about the Service’s and content’s accuracy, usefulness, reliability, and correct operation. We does not guarantee that the Service will be functioning uninterrupted or securely, that any defects will be corrected, or that the Service is free of viruses or anything else harmful. In case the Service software malfunctions, we will apply every effort to resume its correct operation as soon as possible.


5. Limitation of liability
In no event shall us, its affiliates, directors, partners, employees, contractors, or agents be liable for indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages related to any use or inability to use the Service, including, without limitation, any damages, caused as a result of the use of the information provided through the Service or by mistakes, omissions, interruptions, defects, viruses, even if we have been advised of the possibility of damages or loss of future profits.

The foregoing limitations of liability do not apply to the extent prohibited by law. If any part of the warranty disclaimers or limitations of liability is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason or if we are otherwise found to be liable to you in any manner, then our aggregate liability under all claims for any consequential, special, punitive, or indirect damages of any sort, including, without limitation, (a) any damages for lost profits, or (b) any damages resulting from loss of use or loss of data, under such circumstances shall not exceed the total amount of payments made by you to us within one year preceding the date of such claim.


6. Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless us, our subsidiaries, directors, partners, employees, contractors, and agents from and against any claims, responsibility, damages, losses, and expenses, including reasonable legal and accounting expenses arising from:

any breach of these Terms by you,
your use/misuse of the Service, or
a violation by you of applicable law, third party’s intellectual property or other rights, any agreement or terms with a third party to which you are subject.
We reserve the right to handle our legal defense however we see fit, including instances when you are indemnifying us. Therefore, you agree to cooperate with us, so we execute our legal defense strategy.


7. Applicable law
If any material in the Service, or your use of the Service, is contrary to the laws of the place where you are when you access it, the Service is not intended for you, and we ask you not to use it. You are responsible for informing yourself of the laws of your jurisdiction and complying with them.

Except where prohibited by applicable law, and without limitation to any statutory rights of consumers, you agree that any dispute, conflict, claim, or controversy directly or indirectly arising out of, or in connection with, or relating to the Service or these Terms, including, without limitation, those relating to its validity, its construction or its enforceability shall be resolved by means of amicable negotiations directly with the our team in accordance with the principles of good faith and fair cooperation.


8. Termination
Termination by us
We reserve the right, at any time at our sole discretion, with prior notice, to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Service, Content, any feature or offer available through the Service. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party should any of the foregoing occur with respect to the Service.

We reserves the right to take whatever lawful actions it may deem appropriate in response to actual or suspected violations of these Terms, including, without limitation, the suspension or termination of your license and access to the Service.

We may cooperate with legal authorities and/or third parties in the investigation of any suspected or alleged crime or civil wrong.

Termination by you
You may terminate this agreement with us at any time by deleting and no longer accessing or using the Service. If you terminate this agreement, all permissions and licenses granted to you in these Terms will immediately terminate without our obligation to provide any refunds.


9. Other terms
We reserve the right to transfer our rights and obligations under these Terms to a third party, but this will not affect your rights or our obligations under these Terms.

We reserve the right to modify these Terms at any time at our sole discretion. If material changes affect your use of the Service, we’ll notify you before the changes become effective by email. If you continue to use the App, you agree to the updated version of these Terms.

If any provision of these Terms is determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of these Terms will continue to be fully valid and enforceable.

A printed version of these Terms shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based on or relating to the use of the Service to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.


10. Questions and contact information
If you have any questions or comments about these Terms of Service or the Service, please contact us at: pixelharmonytech@gmail.com.

Ya Yu
